that koi oh hey um hey everybody it's
Jamie I just wanted to put this in quick
before the video and say thank you thank
you thank you to all our new subscribers
and thank you so much to shaycarl for
checking out the video
I'm gonna answer some questions you had
really quick Maria and I are both 29
we've been best friends since second
grade mrs. Ericson no Maria is not
always drunk no I never drink just
doesn't agree with me what else what
else what else I don't weigh 450 pounds
but I do appreciate everyone checking it
out and so many awesome comments and I
really appreciate it thank you so much
you guys
muffin muffin muffins I'm sweaty and I
know it don't do too much there's
something on the lens you guys need a
bath today feel better yeah come here
they're better you sure oh wow
sparkly clean now you can really see the
sweat as we've said many times we're in
Minnesota and when things warm up they
usually human up so teddy
so we got a lot of humidity you midde t
amenity we are at the store the other
day and we found these Reese's puffs and
cinnamon toast crunch like cupcake
muffin things muffin mix muffins muffins
muffs muffs so we're gonna make the
Reese's puffs Oh make sure that you I
level I saw on something that you can't
break an egg in the palm of your hand
yeah that's what I saw I'm welcome
freshmen remember that show No welcome
freshmen you spend employee okay ready
I think we can I think so as well you
ready yeah okay
one two three
if women my eyeball that was like an
explosion
oh holy shitballs
well for the record
oh my god you can break an egg with your
phone
after a short recess cleaning the entire
kitchen my shirt my mouth
Maria's eye and whatever else we could
find we're back to cooking so we need
the muffin mix water oil and eggs in a
medium well Justin just Leonard that may
be lumpy all ingredients are on board
they're gonna take this moment to give a
shout-out to Red Bull it gives you wings
Oh some egg got on the camera I went to
culinary school okay all right so we're
gonna stir it yeah / cups would you like
me a spoon
oh I think that would be helpful yeah
all right and then break up the large
lumps in the pouch of strudel topping
sprinkles through to over batter in each
cup / slightly in good times and bad
times
Oh
nice we're gonna put these all with a
quick bait to quick Bank how long 13 to
18 minutes or until a toothpick inserted
in the center of it cool for 5 minutes
play those kinda cool completely and put
your face in the way for the muffins to
cook they're done let's try one okay a
whole one yeah you're whew look at half
a whole one to myself
it looks delightful hmm mmm just gonna
take a big ol bite I kind of lost the
bottom but that's okay mm-hmm
I'm pretty good it actually got a little
bit burnt on the bottom but this top
part is money
mmm you should make these they're really
good at that are fun
may I go they're new
so what
you